Compile info and target to `TDMProgram.compile` (#659)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * ``program.compile_info`` and ``program.target`` are correctly set if compilation is successfully
>   completed when compiling a ``TDMProgram``.

Reviewer: Given that the changelog is written in Markdown, we can replace \`\` with \`. I would also specify that this change only impacts TDM programs compiled using the "TDM" compiler.
```suggestion
* The `TDMProgram.compile_info` and `TDMProgram.target` fields are now set when
  a `TDMProgram` is compiled using the "TDM" compiler.
```
